                                                       (15-OCT-93)
                            CODEBOOK FOR THE
                KINGSWOOD CONTROLLED TRIAL OF RESIDENTIAL
                        TREATMENT FOR DELINQUENTS

      [Original researchers: Ronald V. Clarke and Derek B. Cornish]
      [Codebook prepared by: Derek B. Cornish and Martha J. Smith]

[NOTE: No missing values have been declared in the data file.]

Variable   Variable   Variable
 Number      Name      Length           Description

                     I. BACKGROUND DATA ON SUBJECTS
      [These data were extracted from information in the Kingswood 
                      Classifying School records.]

    1      SUBNO         4       Subject number
                                   Sequential number assigned to
                                   each subject (i.e. individual)
                                   for coding purposes 

    2      HOME          1       Home conditions
                                   Rated on a 4-point scale, where
                                   1 = Best, and 4 = Worst.
                                 1  [N = 157]
                                 2  [N = 60]
                                 3  [N = 55]
                                 4  [N = 8]

NOTE: All descriptions of home conditions present in the Classifying 
School records for each case were noted down and rated on a 4-point 
scale. In Cornish and Clarke (1974), this variable is referred to as 
"home circumstances". 

    3      NUMSIB        2       Number of siblings
                                   [Range: 0 - 14; Mean = 4.0]
                                 0 = None 

    4      CRIMPAR       1       Criminal record of parents           
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 84]
                                 2 = No  [N = 196]

    5      CRIMSIB       1       Criminal record of siblings
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 120]
                                 2 = No  [N = 143]
                                 8 = Not applicable, no siblings
                                     [N = 17]

    6      MENTILL       1       Mental illness in family
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 67]
                                 2 = No  [N = 213]


    7      PSYCHIAT      1       Earliest known referral to a
                                   psychiatrist
                                 1 = Before first court appearance
                                     [N = 84]
                                 2 = Since first court appearance, but
                                     but before admission to Kingswood
                                     Classifying School  [N = 71]
                                 3 = At Kingswood Classifying School
                                     [N = 92]
                                 4 = No known referral to a psychiatrist
                                     [N = 33]

NOTE:  Referrals to a psychiatrist, prior to referral at Kingswood 
Classifying School, were usually made via Child Guidance Clinic. In 
Cornish and Clarke (1975), this variable is referred to as "previous 
psychiatric investigation". 

    8      BCARE         1       Boy ever in care
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 64]
                                 2 = No  [N = 216]

    9      SIBCARE       1       Sibling ever in care
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 61]
                                 2 = No  [N = 202]
                                 8 = Not applicable, no siblings
                                     [N = 17]

    10     PRECAP1       1       Number of prior court appearances 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 8; Mean = 3.1]

NOTE: In almost all cases, the court appearance was in connection with 
an offence (but see Variable 12: CT1AGE). Only those court appearances 
at which an adjudication was made (e.g. a finding of guilt) are counted. 
Remands, postponements, etc. are not counted.

PRECAP1 is based primarily on a count of previous court appearances 
recorded in boys' assessment files, and collected at the same time as 
the other background data. No details of the offences were recorded. 
Further information from the Criminal Records used in the two-year 
outcome study was later added. PRECAP1 includes the "committal offence", 
if applicable i.e. the offence which directly led to the imposition of 
an Approved School Order to Kingswood Training School. 

   *11     PRECAP2       4       Number of prior court appearances 
                    [e.g. 7.00]    [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 7; Mean = 2.8]
          
NOTE: PRECAP2 is a new variable, based on information about prior court 
appearances collected from the ten-year Criminal Records, and from 
selected two-year Criminal Records (i.e. those retained because they 
held additional information). Like PRECAP1, PRECAP2 counts the 

"committal offence", where applicable. Details of offences are only 
available for those recorded in PRECAP2, which will therefore be used in 
later analyses of offending patterns. The best data on numbers of prior 
court appearances are likely to be those in PRECAP1, since minor 
offences are often not recorded (or recorded without dates of court 
appearances) in Criminal Records. Data from the two variables are not 
directly comparable, however. For although, overall, PRECAP1 records a 
higher number of priors than PRECAP2, there are exceptions to this trend 
in a number of individual cases. Since the information on which PRECAP1 
was based is no longer available, there is no way of resolving these 
discrepancies. There is therefore no way of reliably combining data from 
PRECAP1 and PRECAP2 in order to maximize the capture of prior 
convictions. Only one or the other should be used in any analysis.   

    12     CT1AGE        2       Age at first court appearance 
                                   (in years) - The first court
                                   appearance was counted irre-
                                   spective of the reason for the
                                   appearance or its outcome
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 3 - 14; Mean = 11.5]

NOTE: In almost all cases, the reason for the first court appearance was 
in connection with an offence, even in those cases (N = 5) whose first 
court appearance took place before the age of criminal responsibility 
(i.e. at 8 or, later, 10 years).  
                                    
    13     CTLAG         3       Shortest period between court
                                   appearances (in months)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 97; Mean = 7.0;
                                   for N = 257]
                                 888 = Not applicable - Only one
                                   appearance prior to admission
                                   to the school  [N = 23] 
 
    14     NUMAPP        1       Number of approved schools
                                   previously attended
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 3; Mean = 0.2]
                                 0 = None  

    15     HISTABSC      1       History of absconding
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 130]
                                 2 = No  [N = 150]

    16     IQ            3       IQ
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 62 - 148; Mean = 99.4]



    17     HT            2       Height (in inches)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 56 - 72; Mean = 63.0]

    18     WT            3       Weight (in pounds)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 75 - 168; Mean = 109.8]

    19     READAGE       3       Reading age (in months)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 42 - 157; Mean = 120.0]

    20     SES           1       Social class - Registrar General's 
                                   definition - see General Register 
                                   Office, Classification of 
                                   Occupations 1960, HMSO, for a full
                                   listing of occupations. Temporarily 
                                   unemployed and "retired" classified 
                                   under usual occupation
                                 1 = Professional, etc  [N = 0]
                                 2 = Intermediate  [N = 9]
                                 3 = Skilled  [N = 110]
                                 4 = Partly skilled  [N = 53]
                                 5 = Unskilled  [N = 28]
                                 6 = NAB - Chronic and heavy 
                                     reliance on S.S. benefit
                                     [N = 50]
                                 7 = U/C - Services, "unemployed"
                                     with no additional information,
                                     "pensioner" with no further
                                     information  [N = 30]


                     II. SCHOOL DATA ON SUBJECTS 
[Collected from Kingswood Training School records and Criminal Records.] 

    21     ADMITCON      4       Admission condition, i.e. grounds
                    [e.g. 2.00]    on which admitted to Kingswood
                                   Training School
                                 1 = Committed to Kingswood  [N = 238]
                                 2 = Transferred to Kingswood  [N = 22]
                                 9 = No information available  [N = 20]

NOTES: As will be seen by cross-tabulating ADMITCON with PRECAP1 or 
PRECAP2, in a few cases there is no indication that a committal offence 
existed. Evidence may be absent for a number of reasons: (a) no offence 
may have been committed (in a very few cases, boys may have been 
transferred from children's homes to approved schools for being 
disruptive); (b) an offence may have been committed, but not recorded 
(one route to approved school was by breach of probation order, but the 
breach proceedings, and the offence upon which they were based, may not 
always have been recorded); (c) an unrecorded offence may have brought 

about committal to a previous approved school, so that admission to KTS 
was by way of transfer. 

    22     ENTAGE        3       Age at admission to school (in
                                   months)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 152 - 208; Mean = 172.7]

    23     HOUSE         1       House subject assigned to
                                 1 = Byron (Third)  [N = 107]
                                 2 = Carpenter (Control)  [N = 87]
                                 3 = Wesley (Experimental)  [N = 86]

    24     TOTLV         2       Total number of leave periods 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 94; Mean = 8.8]
                                 0 = None 

    25     DAYSLV        3       Number of days on leave from
                                   school 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 235; Mean = 48.8]
                                 0 = None

NOTE: Includes absence on holiday with leave, absence on home leave 
under medical certification, extension of leave for reasons other than 
medical ones, and privilege leave. 

    26     TOTABSC       2       Total number of abscondings 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 24; Mean = 2.7]
                                 0 = None

    27     SCHOFF        1       Number of offences committed 
                                   while at school
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 0 - 4; Mean = 0.4]
                                 0 = None

    28     REL1LAG       2       Time to first release from 
                                   school (in months) 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 29; Mean = 12.9]

    29     RELLAST       2       Time to last release from
                                   school (in months) 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 36; Mean = 13.6]

NOTE: Includes time spent in Kingswood until first release and, for 
those recalled to Kingswood after first release, any time spent out of 

Kingswood, together with time spent inside Kingswood, after recall, 
until final release. 

    30     RELCON        1       Release condition
                                 1 = Released - training 
                                     completed  [N = 216]
                                 2 = Recommitted to another
                                     institution  [N = 35]
                                 3 = Transferred to another
                                     institution  [N = 25]
                                 4 = Recommitted to probation
                                     order [N = 4]

NOTE: Minor coding errors have been corrected in relation to the number 
of Transfers and Recommittals. 

    31     NUMREL        1       Number of releases while at
                                   school 
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 3: Mean = 1.1]

    32     AFCARE        1       Type of after-care
                                 1 = Probation officer  [N = 112]
                                 2 = Child-care officer  [N = 98]
                                 8 = Not applicable - subject 
                                     was not released - RELCON =
                                     2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]
                                 9 = No information available on 
                                     after-care agent  [N = 6]

    33     SCHTIME       2       Time in the school (in months)
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 31; Mean = 13.2]

NOTE: If the subject (i) spent time in another institution while still 
remaining under the jurisdiction of the school; (ii) was returned to the 
school for further treatment; and (iii) was then released on licence 
from the school, then time in school does not include the time in the 
other institution. [3 cases, flagged in SCHCUST]. SCHTIME includes 
recall time. 

   *34     SCHCUST       4       Received a custodial sentence
                    [e.g. 1.00]    while at KTS
                                 1 = Yes  [N = 38]
                                 2 = No  [N = 242]                                 

NOTE: Includes those recommitted to another institution (RELCON = 2); 
and 3 cases who received a detention centre disposition while at KTS, 
were returned to KTS, and later released on licence. Many offences 
committed during training resulted in a boy's being transferred to 
another custodial institution or given a further custodial sentence. 
Where a boy is transferred to another institution, this is not regarded as a 

further custodial sentence, since no fresh approved school order has 
been made (the latter procedure has the effect of extending the original 
sentence). Where a boy is recommitted to another institution (e.g., 
approved school, special hospital, borstal, prison), this is treated as 
a custodial sentence during treatment (even though it ends the treatment 
at KTS). Where a boy is given a detention centre order but returned to 
Kingswood at the end of it, this is also counted as a custodial sentence 
during treatment. 

   *35     RECALL        4       Subject recalled to KTS
                    [e.g. 1.00]  1 = Yes  [N = 23]
                                 2 = No  [N = 257]

NOTE: Where boys (N = 23) were released two (or more) times, the first 
release is taken as the release date for the purposes of calculating 
reconviction data such as: reconvicted within two years; time to first 
offence; number of offences, etc. The first date represents staff 
decisions about release readiness, and is uncontaminated either by court 
pressures to recall, by social work reasons for recall, or by periods 
spent outside the school. The effect of counting the second release 
(i.e. after recall) as the final release would be to overestimate the 
success of treatment, since offences committed during the recall period 
would become "within-treatment" offences and not reconvictions. The 
purpose and significance of the recall was often unclear. Sometimes the 
recall was merely a formality, sometimes it was immediately followed by 
recommittal proceedings, and sometimes it was not recorded accurately, 
or at all. For all these reasons, the recall period is omitted from the 
reconviction analysis, although information is retained in RECALL, 
RELLAST and SCHTIME. 

                   III. TWO-YEAR FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION
            [Based on data from the Criminal Records Office.]

    36     RECON2        1       Subject reconvicted in two 
                                   years following date of first 
                                   release [Includes transfers and 
                                   recommittals]
                                 1 = No reconvictions  [N = 83]
                                 2 = Reconvicted  [N = 197]

NOTE: Boys who were transferred or recommitted (RELCON = 2, 3 or 4) were 
regarded as "failures during training" (see Cornish and Clarke, 1975).  
Their reconvictions were, however, counted for the purposes of 
calculating RECON2, with the following proviso: that if they were 
removed from Kingswood as the result of an offence, the offence for 
which they were recommitted or transferred was not itself counted as a 
reconviction (the offence was committed during, and not after, 
training). Only subsequent offences in the two year period after 
recommittal or transfer were treated as relevant to the analysis. 

Only those released "on licence", having completed their training at 
Kingswood, (RELCON = 1) were used for the detailed reconviction analysis 

at two-year follow-up (see below). 

    37     CTAPP2        2       Number of court appearances in
                                   the two years following first
                                   release
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 6; Mean = 2.0, for 
                                   N = 148]
                                 97 = Not applicable - no court
                                      appearances following 
                                      release  [N = 68]
                                 98 = Not applicable - subject 
                                      was not released - RELCON
                                      = 2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]  

NOTE: As recorded by the Criminal Records Office. Breach of probation was 
counted as a court appearance, as was defaulting on a fine.

    38     OFFLAG2       2       Time to first offence (in months) 
                                   from date of first release  
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1 - 23; Mean = 11.2, for 
                                   N = 148]
                                 97 = Not applicable - no court
                                      appearances following
                                      release  [N = 68]
                                 98 = Not applicable - subject 
                                      was not released - RELCON
                                      = 2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]

NOTE: As measured by date of first appearance in court. (Where the first 
court appearance was less than one month after release from KTS, this 
variable has been coded as 1). 

    39     CUST2         1       Custodial sentence
                                 1 = No custodial treatment  [N = 65]
                                 2 = Custodial treatment  [N = 83]
                                 7 = Not applicable - no court
                                     appearances after release  [N = 68]
                                 8 = Not applicable - subject 
                                     was not released - RELCON
                                     = 2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]


    40     SER1ST        4       Seriousness score of offence (or
                    [e.g. 99.0]    offences) for which first
                                   convicted within two years 
                                   after release
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1.2 - 5.0; Mean = 2.9, for 
                                   N = 139]
                                 97 = Not applicable - no court
                                      appearances after release  
                                      [N = 68]
                                 98 = Not applicable - subject 
                                      was not released - RELCON
                                      = 2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]
                                 99 = No information available  [N = 9]

NOTE: Five approved school staff members rated each "anonymised" first 
offence (or "cluster" of offences, if they featured as part of the same 
charge) on a five-point scale. Ratings were then averaged to provide the 
final score for each first offence(s) for each offender. (See Cornish 
and Clarke, 1975: 18). Hence, values for this variable range from 1.2 to 
5.0. The higher the score the more seriously the offence "event" was 
rated. 

    41     SERALL        4       Seriousness score of all offences
                    [e.g. 99.0]    for which convicted within two 
                                   years after release
                                   [Variable distribution in Appendix A]
                                   [Range: 1.4 - 17.2; Mean = 5.5, for 
                                   N = 133]
                                 97 = Not applicable - no court
                                      appearances after release
                                      [N = 68]
                                 98 = Not applicable - subject 
                                      was not released - RELCON
                                      = 2, 3 or 4  [N = 64]
                                 99 = No information available  [N = 15]

NOTE: Court appearances for breach of probation or fine defaulting were 
not included for the purposes of this variable. 

Five approved school staff members rated all offences on a five-
point scale. Ratings were then averaged to provide the final scores for 
each offence. Scores of all offences committed by each offender were 
then summed to provide a total score (SERALL) for that subject. Hence, 
values for this variable range from 1.4 to 17.2. The higher the score 
the higher the rating of overall "seriousness". (As constructed, the 
variable does not discriminate between amount and seriousness of 
criminal activity). 



                              GENERAL NOTES

1. This listing of variables covers all those for which case-by-case 
information is available, and coded. It contains all the input (social 
background variables) and output (follow-up data) data reported in the 
original study (Cornish and Clarke, 1975). In addition, it contains some 
information (school data) relating to the approach of each regime, and 
the behaviour of boys during treatment. No case-by-case information is 
now available, however, in relation to questionnaires given to a 
subsample of staff and boys of the three regimes at one point in the 
study. Only the published summary results exist for these data. Most of 
the other data relating to comparisons between the regimes during 
treatment (See Appendix 2: Cornish and Clarke, 1975), consist of 
frequency counts of incidents by house in question for a selected and 
standardised time period (6 months), and these have aleady been 
reported.  

2. Variables marked (*) were constructed later. 

3. Revisions to original 2-year KTS data: some minor coding errors and 
inconsistencies in coding data for the original study were picked up as 
the result of entering the original data into a computerized database, 
and of preparing a proper codebook. In addition, in a few cases, new or 
fuller information about the boys' early offending careers was gained 
from the 10-year Criminal Records. Although the revisions are of no 
practical significance in terms of their impact on the original findings 
(see Cornish and Smith, In preparation), it was felt that the original 
data should be updated to reflect these considerations. Consequential 
amendments have also been made.

4. Further analysis of longer-term follow-up periods is being conducted. 
This will also involve more detailed analysis of earlier criminal 
histories by type of offence, date of court appearance, etc. These data 
will be lodged with the Archive in due course. 



                   PUBLICATIONS FROM THE KINGSWOOD STUDY

Cornish, D.B. and Smith, M.J. (In preparation) "Conserving and 
developing criminological databases: a research note." 

Cornish, D.B. (1987) "Evaluating residential treatments for delinquents: 
A cautionary tale." In, Klaus Hurrelmann, Franz-Xaver Kaufmann and 
Friedrich Losel (eds.),  Social Intervention: Potential and Constraints. 
Berlin/New York: de Gruyter/Aldine. 

Clarke, R.V.G. and Cornish, D.B. (1978) "The effectiveness of 
residential treatment for delinquents." In, Hersov, L.A. and Berger, M. 
(eds.), Aggression and Anti-Social Conduct in Childhood and Adolescence. 
Oxford: Pergamon. 

Cornish, D.B. and Clarke, R.V.G. (1975) Residential Treatment and Its 
Effects on Delinquency. Home Office Research Studies No. 32. London:  
H.M.S.O. 

Clarke, R.V.G. and Cornish, D.B. (1972): The Controlled Trial in 
Institutional Research: Paradigm or Pitfall for Penal Evaluators? Home 
Office Research Studies No. 15.  London:  H.M.S.O. (reprinted in: 
Clarke, R.V.G. and Cornish, D.B. (eds.) (1984) Crime Control in Britain. 
New York:  State University of New York Press.) 


                               APPENDIX A
                   FREQUENCIES FOR SELECTED VARIABLES


NUMSIB    Number of siblings
(Variable 3) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0        17      6.1      6.1      6.1
                         1        30     10.7     10.7     16.8
                         2        40     14.3     14.3     31.1
                         3        43     15.4     15.4     46.4
                         4        49     17.5     17.5     63.9
                         5        32     11.4     11.4     75.4
                         6        23      8.2      8.2     83.6
                         7        21      7.5      7.5     91.1
                         8         6      2.1      2.1     93.2
                         9         8      2.9      2.9     96.1
                        10         5      1.8      1.8     97.9
                        11         3      1.1      1.1     98.9
                        12         2       .7       .7     99.6
                        14         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
------------------------------------------------------------------------

PRECAP1   No. of prior ct. apps. - original
(Variable 10) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1        23      8.2      8.2      8.2
                         2        75     26.8     26.8     35.0
                         3        88     31.4     31.4     66.4
                         4        54     19.3     19.3     85.7
                         5        20      7.1      7.1     92.9
                         6        14      5.0      5.0     97.9
                         7         4      1.4      1.4     99.3
                         8         2       .7       .7    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0

PRECAP2   No. of prior ct. apps. - CRO only
(Variable 11) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       .00        12      4.3      4.3      4.3
                      1.00        41     14.6     14.6     18.9
                      2.00        68     24.3     24.3     43.2
                      3.00        76     27.1     27.1     70.4
                      4.00        49     17.5     17.5     87.9
                      5.00        22      7.9      7.9     95.7
                      6.00         9      3.2      3.2     98.9
                      7.00         3      1.1      1.1    100.0
                             -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
------------------------------------------------------------------------

CT1AGE    Age at 1st ct. appearance - in years
(Variable 12) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         3         1       .4       .4       .4
                         6         2       .7       .7      1.1
                         7         2       .7       .7      1.8
                         8        13      4.6      4.6      6.4
                         9        15      5.4      5.4     11.8
                        10        45     16.1     16.1     27.9
                        11        46     16.4     16.4     44.3
                        12        56     20.0     20.0     64.3
                        13        64     22.9     22.9     87.1
                        14        36     12.9     12.9    100.0
                             -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0

CTLAG     Shortest period between ct. appearances
(Variable 13) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0         2       .7       .7       .7
                         1        35     12.5     12.5     13.2
                         2        31     11.1     11.1     24.3
                         3        47     16.8     16.8     41.1
                         4        31     11.1     11.1     52.1
                         5        19      6.8      6.8     58.9
                         6        20      7.1      7.1     66.1
                         7        10      3.6      3.6     69.6
                         8        11      3.9      3.9     73.6
                         9         4      1.4      1.4     75.0
                        10         8      2.9      2.9     77.9
                        11         5      1.8      1.8     79.6
                        12         1       .4       .4     80.0
                        13         5      1.8      1.8     81.8
                        14         1       .4       .4     82.1
                        15         1       .4       .4     82.5
                        16         1       .4       .4     82.9
                        17         1       .4       .4     83.2
                        18         3      1.1      1.1     84.3
                        19         1       .4       .4     84.6
                        20         2       .7       .7     85.4
                        21         1       .4       .4     85.7
                        23         1       .4       .4     86.1
                        24         3      1.1      1.1     87.1
                        26         2       .7       .7     87.9
                        27         1       .4       .4     88.2
                        28         1       .4       .4     88.6
                        29         1       .4       .4     88.9
                        33         1       .4       .4     89.3
                        34         1       .4       .4     89.6
                        38         1       .4       .4     90.0
                        44         1       .4       .4     90.4
                        46         1       .4       .4     90.7
                        48         1       .4       .4     91.1
                        55         1       .4       .4     91.4
                        97         1       .4       .4     91.8
Not app, only one      888        23      8.2      8.2    100.0
                             -------  -------  -------
                    Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0

NUMAPP    No. of previous approved schools
(Variable 14) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0       228     81.4     81.4     81.4
                         1        44     15.7     15.7     97.1
                         2         7      2.5      2.5     99.6
                         3         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

IQ        IQ
(Variable 16) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        62         1       .4       .4       .4
                        63         1       .4       .4       .7
                        68         1       .4       .4      1.1
                        69         1       .4       .4      1.4
                        70         2       .7       .7      2.1
                        72         1       .4       .4      2.5
                        74         1       .4       .4      2.9
                        75         2       .7       .7      3.6
                        76         1       .4       .4      3.9
                        77         1       .4       .4      4.3
                        78         1       .4       .4      4.6
                        79         1       .4       .4      5.0
                        80         2       .7       .7      5.7
                        81         5      1.8      1.8      7.5
                        82         4      1.4      1.4      8.9
                        83         8      2.9      2.9     11.8
                        84         2       .7       .7     12.5
                        85         7      2.5      2.5     15.0
                        86         6      2.1      2.1     17.1
                        87         4      1.4      1.4     18.6
                        88        12      4.3      4.3     22.9
                        89         1       .4       .4     23.2
                        90        10      3.6      3.6     26.8
                        91        10      3.6      3.6     30.4
                        92        11      3.9      3.9     34.3
                        93        10      3.6      3.6     37.9
                        94         8      2.9      2.9     40.7
                        95         7      2.5      2.5     43.2
                        96        10      3.6      3.6     46.8
                        97        11      3.9      3.9     50.7
                        98         6      2.1      2.1     52.9
                        99         5      1.8      1.8     54.6

IQ        IQ  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent
 
                       100         6      2.1      2.1     56.8
                       101        16      5.7      5.7     62.5
                       102         4      1.4      1.4     63.9
                       103         4      1.4      1.4     65.4
                       104         5      1.8      1.8     67.1
                       105         4      1.4      1.4     68.6
                       106         4      1.4      1.4     70.0
                       107         4      1.4      1.4     71.4
                       108         5      1.8      1.8     73.2
                       109         7      2.5      2.5     75.7
                       110         2       .7       .7     76.4
                       111         5      1.8      1.8     78.2
                       112         9      3.2      3.2     81.4
                       113         5      1.8      1.8     83.2
                       114         5      1.8      1.8     85.0
                       115         3      1.1      1.1     86.1
                       116         4      1.4      1.4     87.5
                       117         7      2.5      2.5     90.0
                       120         3      1.1      1.1     91.1
                       122         3      1.1      1.1     92.1
                       123         6      2.1      2.1     94.3
                       124         3      1.1      1.1     95.4
                       125         3      1.1      1.1     96.4
                       126         1       .4       .4     96.8
                       127         1       .4       .4     97.1
                       128         1       .4       .4     97.5
                       130         2       .7       .7     98.2
                       131         1       .4       .4     98.6
                       137         1       .4       .4     98.9
                       138         1       .4       .4     99.3
                       146         1       .4       .4     99.6
                       148         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0
              
Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0

HT        Height - in inches
(Variable 17) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        56         3      1.1      1.1      1.1
                        57         3      1.1      1.1      2.1
                        58        15      5.4      5.4      7.5
                        59        24      8.6      8.6     16.1
                        60        21      7.5      7.5     23.6
                        61        34     12.1     12.1     35.7
                        62        29     10.4     10.4     46.1
                        63        34     12.1     12.1     58.2
                        64        23      8.2      8.2     66.4
                        65        28     10.0     10.0     76.4
                        66        25      8.9      8.9     85.4
                        67        19      6.8      6.8     92.1
                        68        12      4.3      4.3     96.4
                        69         5      1.8      1.8     98.2
                        70         4      1.4      1.4     99.6
                        72         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

WT        Weight - in pounds
(Variable 18) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        75         1       .4       .4       .4
                        76         1       .4       .4       .7
                        79         3      1.1      1.1      1.8
                        80         1       .4       .4      2.1
                        81         1       .4       .4      2.5
                        82         2       .7       .7      3.2
                        83         2       .7       .7      3.9
                        84         8      2.9      2.9      6.8
                        85         3      1.1      1.1      7.9
                        86         2       .7       .7      8.6
                        87        11      3.9      3.9     12.5
                        88         4      1.4      1.4     13.9
                        89         4      1.4      1.4     15.4
                        90        10      3.6      3.6     18.9
                        91         6      2.1      2.1     21.1
                        92         5      1.8      1.8     22.9
                        93         4      1.4      1.4     24.3
                        94         9      3.2      3.2     27.5
                        95         2       .7       .7     28.2
                        96         4      1.4      1.4     29.6

WT        Weight - in pounds  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        97         5      1.8      1.8     31.4
                        98         7      2.5      2.5     33.9
                        99         5      1.8      1.8     35.7
                       100         5      1.8      1.8     37.5
                       101         2       .7       .7     38.2
                       102         4      1.4      1.4     39.6
                       103         3      1.1      1.1     40.7
                       104         6      2.1      2.1     42.9
                       105         3      1.1      1.1     43.9
                       106         7      2.5      2.5     46.4
                       107         3      1.1      1.1     47.5
                       108         6      2.1      2.1     49.6
                       109         4      1.4      1.4     51.1
                       110        13      4.6      4.6     55.7
                       111         2       .7       .7     56.4
                       112         9      3.2      3.2     59.6
                       113         6      2.1      2.1     61.8
                       114         5      1.8      1.8     63.6
                       115         6      2.1      2.1     65.7
                       116         2       .7       .7     66.4
                       117         1       .4       .4     66.8
                       118         6      2.1      2.1     68.9
                       119         4      1.4      1.4     70.4
                       120         2       .7       .7     71.1
                       121         5      1.8      1.8     72.9
                       122         5      1.8      1.8     74.6
                       123         2       .7       .7     75.4
                       124         5      1.8      1.8     77.1
                       125         3      1.1      1.1     78.2
                       126         5      1.8      1.8     80.0
                       127         2       .7       .7     80.7
                       128         6      2.1      2.1     82.9
                       129         2       .7       .7     83.6
                       130         2       .7       .7     84.3
                       131         2       .7       .7     85.0
                       132         3      1.1      1.1     86.1
                       133         2       .7       .7     86.8
                       134         3      1.1      1.1     87.9
                       135         2       .7       .7     88.6
                       136         5      1.8      1.8     90.4
                       137         2       .7       .7     91.1
                       138         1       .4       .4     91.4
                       139         1       .4       .4     91.8
                       140         3      1.1      1.1     92.9
                       141         1       .4       .4     93.2
                       143         3      1.1      1.1     94.3
                       144         2       .7       .7     95.0
                       145         3      1.1      1.1     96.1

WT        Weight - in pounds  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent
                
                       146         1       .4       .4     96.4
                       147         2       .7       .7     97.1
                       148         1       .4       .4     97.5
                       149         1       .4       .4     97.9
                       150         2       .7       .7     98.6
                       153         1       .4       .4     98.9
                       163         1       .4       .4     99.3
                       167         1       .4       .4     99.6
                       168         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

READAGE   Reading age - in months
(Variable 19) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        42         2       .7       .7       .7
                        45         1       .4       .4      1.1
                        51         1       .4       .4      1.4
                        53         1       .4       .4      1.8
                        57         1       .4       .4      2.1
                        58         1       .4       .4      2.5
                        69         2       .7       .7      3.2
                        70         1       .4       .4      3.6
                        71         2       .7       .7      4.3
                        72         1       .4       .4      4.6
                        73         1       .4       .4      5.0
                        74         2       .7       .7      5.7
                        76         1       .4       .4      6.1
                        77         1       .4       .4      6.4
                        79         2       .7       .7      7.1
                        80         2       .7       .7      7.9
                        81         2       .7       .7      8.6
                        82         1       .4       .4      8.9
                        83         2       .7       .7      9.6
                        84         1       .4       .4     10.0
                        85         4      1.4      1.4     11.4
                        86         1       .4       .4     11.8
                        87         1       .4       .4     12.1
                        88         2       .7       .7     12.9
                        90         5      1.8      1.8     14.6
                        92         3      1.1      1.1     15.7
                        93         2       .7       .7     16.4
                        94         1       .4       .4     16.8

READAGE   Reading age - in months  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent
 
                        95         1       .4       .4     17.1
                        96         3      1.1      1.1     18.2
                        97         1       .4       .4     18.6
                        98         1       .4       .4     18.9
                        99         2       .7       .7     19.6
                       100         1       .4       .4     20.0
                       101         1       .4       .4     20.4
                       102         4      1.4      1.4     21.8
                       103         2       .7       .7     22.5
                       105         1       .4       .4     22.9
                       106         2       .7       .7     23.6
                       107         5      1.8      1.8     25.4
                       108         4      1.4      1.4     26.8
                       109         2       .7       .7     27.5
                       110         1       .4       .4     27.9
                       111         3      1.1      1.1     28.9
                       112         1       .4       .4     29.3
                       113         5      1.8      1.8     31.1
                       114         5      1.8      1.8     32.9
                       115         4      1.4      1.4     34.3
                       116         4      1.4      1.4     35.7
                       117         2       .7       .7     36.4
                       119         3      1.1      1.1     37.5
                       120         6      2.1      2.1     39.6
                       121         5      1.8      1.8     41.4
                       122         5      1.8      1.8     43.2
                       123         7      2.5      2.5     45.7
                       124         5      1.8      1.8     47.5
                       125         2       .7       .7     48.2
                       126         3      1.1      1.1     49.3
                       127         5      1.8      1.8     51.1
                       128         5      1.8      1.8     52.9
                       129         7      2.5      2.5     55.4
                       130         8      2.9      2.9     58.2
                       131         6      2.1      2.1     60.4
                       132         3      1.1      1.1     61.4
                       133         7      2.5      2.5     63.9
                       134         7      2.5      2.5     66.4
                       135         2       .7       .7     67.1
                       136         5      1.8      1.8     68.9
                       137         2       .7       .7     69.6
                       138         8      2.9      2.9     72.5
                       139        10      3.6      3.6     76.1
                       140        11      3.9      3.9     80.0
                       141        10      3.6      3.6     83.6
                       142         8      2.9      2.9     86.4
                       143         6      2.1      2.1     88.6
                       144         7      2.5      2.5     91.1

READAGE   Reading age - in months  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       145        10      3.6      3.6     94.6
                       146         6      2.1      2.1     96.8
                       147         5      1.8      1.8     98.6
                       148         2       .7       .7     99.3
                       149         1       .4       .4     99.6
                       157         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0
              
Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

ENTAGE    Age at KTS admission - in months
(Variable 22) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       152         1       .4       .4       .4
                       156         1       .4       .4       .7
                       157         5      1.8      1.8      2.5
                       158         3      1.1      1.1      3.6
                       159         8      2.9      2.9      6.4
                       160         5      1.8      1.8      8.2
                       161         3      1.1      1.1      9.3
                       162         8      2.9      2.9     12.1
                       163        12      4.3      4.3     16.4
                       164         8      2.9      2.9     19.3
                       165        10      3.6      3.6     22.9
                       166         7      2.5      2.5     25.4
                       167        11      3.9      3.9     29.3
                       168         7      2.5      2.5     31.8
                       169        12      4.3      4.3     36.1
                       170        14      5.0      5.0     41.1
                       171         7      2.5      2.5     43.6
                       172        19      6.8      6.8     50.4
                       173        10      3.6      3.6     53.9
                       174        11      3.9      3.9     57.9
                       175        11      3.9      3.9     61.8
                       176        14      5.0      5.0     66.8
                       177        13      4.6      4.6     71.4
                       178        12      4.3      4.3     75.7
                       179        12      4.3      4.3     80.0
                       180        15      5.4      5.4     85.4
                       181        10      3.6      3.6     88.9
                       182         5      1.8      1.8     90.7
                       183         2       .7       .7     91.4
                       184         3      1.1      1.1     92.5
                       185         6      2.1      2.1     94.6

ENTAGE    Age at KTS admission - in months  (cont.)

                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent


                       186         1       .4       .4     95.0
                       187         3      1.1      1.1     96.1
                       189         1       .4       .4     96.4
                       190         1       .4       .4     96.8
                       191         2       .7       .7     97.5
                       193         2       .7       .7     98.2
                       195         1       .4       .4     98.6
                       199         1       .4       .4     98.9
                       200         1       .4       .4     99.3
                       201         1       .4       .4     99.6
                       208         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0
             
Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTLV     Total number of leave periods
(Variable 24) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0        12      4.3      4.3      4.3
                         1        16      5.7      5.7     10.0
                         2        18      6.4      6.4     16.4
                         3        17      6.1      6.1     22.5
                         4        26      9.3      9.3     31.8
                         5        26      9.3      9.3     41.1
                         6        25      8.9      8.9     50.0
                         7        21      7.5      7.5     57.5
                         8        15      5.4      5.4     62.9
                         9        16      5.7      5.7     68.6
                        10        10      3.6      3.6     72.1
                        11        16      5.7      5.7     77.9
                        12         6      2.1      2.1     80.0
                        13         7      2.5      2.5     82.5
                        14         4      1.4      1.4     83.9
                        15         3      1.1      1.1     85.0
                        16         4      1.4      1.4     86.4
                        17         4      1.4      1.4     87.9
                        18         3      1.1      1.1     88.9
                        19         6      2.1      2.1     91.1
                        20         2       .7       .7     91.8
                        21         3      1.1      1.1     92.9
                        22         3      1.1      1.1     93.9
                        23         3      1.1      1.1     95.0

TOTLV     Total number of leave periods  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        24         1       .4       .4     95.4
                        25         1       .4       .4     95.7
                        26         1       .4       .4     96.1
                        27         1       .4       .4     96.4
                        29         3      1.1      1.1     97.5
                        32         1       .4       .4     97.9
                        33         1       .4       .4     98.2
                        34         1       .4       .4     98.6
                        35         2       .7       .7     99.3
                        44         1       .4       .4     99.6
                        94         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

DAYSLV    Number of days on leave
(Variable 25) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0        12      4.3      4.3      4.3
                         1         2       .7       .7      5.0
                         3         1       .4       .4      5.4
                         4         1       .4       .4      5.7
                         6         1       .4       .4      6.1
                         7         5      1.8      1.8      7.9
                         9         4      1.4      1.4      9.3
                        10         3      1.1      1.1     10.4
                        11         4      1.4      1.4     11.8
                        12         1       .4       .4     12.1
                        13         4      1.4      1.4     13.6
                        15         1       .4       .4     13.9
                        17         3      1.1      1.1     15.0
                        18         3      1.1      1.1     16.1
                        19         4      1.4      1.4     17.5
                        20         3      1.1      1.1     18.6
                        21         2       .7       .7     19.3
                        22         2       .7       .7     20.0
                        23         1       .4       .4     20.4
                        24         3      1.1      1.1     21.4
                        25         7      2.5      2.5     23.9
                        26         6      2.1      2.1     26.1
                        27         1       .4       .4     26.4
                        29         4      1.4      1.4     27.9
                        30         7      2.5      2.5     30.4

DAYSLV    Number of days on leave  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        32         3      1.1      1.1     31.4
                        33         7      2.5      2.5     33.9
                        34         9      3.2      3.2     37.1
                        36         8      2.9      2.9     40.0
                        37         1       .4       .4     40.4
                        38         3      1.1      1.1     41.4
                        39         5      1.8      1.8     43.2
                        40         3      1.1      1.1     44.3
                        41         3      1.1      1.1     45.4
                        42         4      1.4      1.4     46.8
                        43         3      1.1      1.1     47.9
                        45         4      1.4      1.4     49.3
                        46         4      1.4      1.4     50.7
                        47         7      2.5      2.5     53.2
                        48         6      2.1      2.1     55.4
                        49         4      1.4      1.4     56.8
                        50         4      1.4      1.4     58.2
                        51         2       .7       .7     58.9
                        52         5      1.8      1.8     60.7
                        53         6      2.1      2.1     62.9
                        54         5      1.8      1.8     64.6
                        55         2       .7       .7     65.4
                        56         5      1.8      1.8     67.1
                        57         4      1.4      1.4     68.6
                        58         3      1.1      1.1     69.6
                        59         3      1.1      1.1     70.7
                        60         3      1.1      1.1     71.8
                        61         5      1.8      1.8     73.6
                        62         1       .4       .4     73.9
                        64         3      1.1      1.1     75.0
                        65         3      1.1      1.1     76.1
                        66         3      1.1      1.1     77.1
                        67         1       .4       .4     77.5
                        68         2       .7       .7     78.2
                        69         2       .7       .7     78.9
                        70         2       .7       .7     79.6
                        71         2       .7       .7     80.4
                        72         1       .4       .4     80.7
                        74         3      1.1      1.1     81.8
                        75         1       .4       .4     82.1
                        76         2       .7       .7     82.9
                        78         1       .4       .4     83.2
                        79         4      1.4      1.4     84.6
                        80         1       .4       .4     85.0
                        81         2       .7       .7     85.7
                        82         2       .7       .7     86.4
                        84         2       .7       .7     87.1
                        85         3      1.1      1.1     88.2

DAYSLV    Number of days on leave  (cont.)
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        86         2       .7       .7     88.9
                        89         2       .7       .7     89.6
                        91         2       .7       .7     90.4
                        94         1       .4       .4     90.7
                        95         1       .4       .4     91.1
                        97         2       .7       .7     91.8
                        98         1       .4       .4     92.1
                       100         1       .4       .4     92.5
                       103         1       .4       .4     92.9
                       104         2       .7       .7     93.6
                       105         1       .4       .4     93.9
                       106         2       .7       .7     94.6
                       108         1       .4       .4     95.0
                       109         2       .7       .7     95.7
                       110         1       .4       .4     96.1
                       111         2       .7       .7     96.8
                       113         1       .4       .4     97.1
                       123         2       .7       .7     97.9
                       127         1       .4       .4     98.2
                       130         1       .4       .4     98.6
                       137         1       .4       .4     98.9
                       156         1       .4       .4     99.3
                       168         1       .4       .4     99.6
                       235         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTABSC   Number of KTS abscondings
(Variable 26) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0        98     35.0     35.0     35.0
                         1        54     19.3     19.3     54.3
                         2        26      9.3      9.3     63.6
                         3        26      9.3      9.3     72.9
                         4        18      6.4      6.4     79.3
                         5        15      5.4      5.4     84.6
                         6         7      2.5      2.5     87.1
                         7         8      2.9      2.9     90.0
                         8         5      1.8      1.8     91.8
                         9         5      1.8      1.8     93.6
                        10         3      1.1      1.1     94.6
                        11         2       .7       .7     95.4
                        12         4      1.4      1.4     96.8

TOTABSC   Number of KTS abscondings  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        13         2       .7       .7     97.5
                        14         1       .4       .4     97.9
                        15         2       .7       .7     98.6
                        16         1       .4       .4     98.9
                        18         1       .4       .4     99.3
                        22         1       .4       .4     99.6
                        24         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHOFF    Number of offences during KTS
(Variable 27) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         0       200     71.4     71.4     71.4
                         1        49     17.5     17.5     88.9
                         2        25      8.9      8.9     97.9
                         3         5      1.8      1.8     99.6
                         4         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

REL1LAG   Time to first release - in months
(Variable 28) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1         2       .7       .7       .7
                         2        11      3.9      3.9      4.6
                         3         4      1.4      1.4      6.1
                         4         8      2.9      2.9      8.9
                         5         3      1.1      1.1     10.0
                         6        10      3.6      3.6     13.6
                         7        10      3.6      3.6     17.1
                         8        14      5.0      5.0     22.1
                         9        14      5.0      5.0     27.1
                        10        18      6.4      6.4     33.6
                        11        22      7.9      7.9     41.4
                        12        22      7.9      7.9     49.3
                        13        18      6.4      6.4     55.7

REL1LAG   Time to first release - in months  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        14        16      5.7      5.7     61.4
                        15        17      6.1      6.1     67.5
                        16        11      3.9      3.9     71.4
                        17        18      6.4      6.4     77.9
                        18        16      5.7      5.7     83.6
                        19        14      5.0      5.0     88.6
                        20         4      1.4      1.4     90.0
                        21         5      1.8      1.8     91.8
                        22         8      2.9      2.9     94.6
                        23         2       .7       .7     95.4
                        24         6      2.1      2.1     97.5
                        25         2       .7       .7     98.2
                        26         2       .7       .7     98.9
                        27         2       .7       .7     99.6
                        29         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

RELLAST   Time to last release - in months
(Variable 29) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1         2       .7       .7       .7
                         2        10      3.6      3.6      4.3
                         3         5      1.8      1.8      6.1
                         4         8      2.9      2.9      8.9
                         5         3      1.1      1.1     10.0
                         6        10      3.6      3.6     13.6
                         7        10      3.6      3.6     17.1
                         8        12      4.3      4.3     21.4
                         9        13      4.6      4.6     26.1
                        10        16      5.7      5.7     31.8
                        11        19      6.8      6.8     38.6
                        12        20      7.1      7.1     45.7
                        13        18      6.4      6.4     52.1
                        14        16      5.7      5.7     57.9
                        15        13      4.6      4.6     62.5
                        16        11      3.9      3.9     66.4
                        17        17      6.1      6.1     72.5
                        18        14      5.0      5.0     77.5
                        19        18      6.4      6.4     83.9
                        20         5      1.8      1.8     85.7
                        21         6      2.1      2.1     87.9

RELLAST   Time to last release - in months  (cont.)

                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        22        11      3.9      3.9     91.8
                        23         2       .7       .7     92.5
                        24         6      2.1      2.1     94.6
                        25         5      1.8      1.8     96.4
                        26         2       .7       .7     97.1
                        27         4      1.4      1.4     98.6
                        29         1       .4       .4     98.9
                        30         1       .4       .4     99.3
                        33         1       .4       .4     99.6
                        36         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

NUMREL    Number of releases from KTS
(Variable 31) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1       257     91.8     91.8     91.8
                         2        21      7.5      7.5     99.3
                         3         2       .7       .7    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHTIME   Total time at KTS - in months
(Variable 33) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1         2       .7       .7       .7
                         2        11      3.9      3.9      4.6
                         3         4      1.4      1.4      6.1
                         4         8      2.9      2.9      8.9
                         5         3      1.1      1.1     10.0
                         6        10      3.6      3.6     13.6
                         7        10      3.6      3.6     17.1
                         8        12      4.3      4.3     21.4
                         9        14      5.0      5.0     26.4
                        10        17      6.1      6.1     32.5
                        11        19      6.8      6.8     39.3
                        12        22      7.9      7.9     47.1

SCHTIME   Total time at KTS - in months  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                        13        20      7.1      7.1     54.3
                        14        16      5.7      5.7     60.0
                        15        13      4.6      4.6     64.6
                        16        13      4.6      4.6     69.3
                        17        22      7.9      7.9     77.1
                        18        15      5.4      5.4     82.5
                        19        14      5.0      5.0     87.5
                        20         3      1.1      1.1     88.6
                        21         6      2.1      2.1     90.7
                        22         8      2.9      2.9     93.6
                        23         4      1.4      1.4     95.0
                        24         6      2.1      2.1     97.1
                        25         2       .7       .7     97.9
                        26         2       .7       .7     98.6
                        27         2       .7       .7     99.3
                        29         1       .4       .4     99.6
                        31         1       .4       .4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

CTAPP2    No. of ct. appearances - within 2 yrs.
(Variable 37) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1        66     23.6     23.6     23.6
                         2        34     12.1     12.1     35.7
                         3        30     10.7     10.7     46.4
                         4        13      4.6      4.6     51.1
                         5         4      1.4      1.4     52.5
                         6         1       .4       .4     52.9
Not app, no ct. app.    97        68     24.3     24.3     77.1
Not app, not rel'd      98        64     22.9     22.9    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0

OFFLAG2   No. of months to 1st ct. app. - within 2
(Variable 38) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                         1         4      1.4      1.4      1.4
                         2         5      1.8      1.8      3.2
                         3         8      2.9      2.9      6.1
                         4         9      3.2      3.2      9.3
                         5         7      2.5      2.5     11.8
                         6         7      2.5      2.5     14.3
                         7         7      2.5      2.5     16.8
                         8         9      3.2      3.2     20.0
                         9         6      2.1      2.1     22.1
                        10         7      2.5      2.5     24.6
                        11        11      3.9      3.9     28.6
                        12         6      2.1      2.1     30.7
                        13         8      2.9      2.9     33.6
                        14        11      3.9      3.9     37.5
                        15         7      2.5      2.5     40.0
                        16         5      1.8      1.8     41.8
                        17         5      1.8      1.8     43.6
                        18         2       .7       .7     44.3
                        19         4      1.4      1.4     45.7
                        20         8      2.9      2.9     48.6
                        21         4      1.4      1.4     50.0
                        22         4      1.4      1.4     51.4
                        23         4      1.4      1.4     52.9
Not app, no ct. app.    97        68     24.3     24.3     77.1
Not app, not rel'd      98        64     22.9     22.9    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

SER1ST    Seriousness of first conviction
(Variable 40) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       1.2         1       .4       .4       .4
                       1.4         7      2.5      2.5      2.9
                       1.6         4      1.4      1.4      4.3
                       1.8         4      1.4      1.4      5.7
                       2.0         9      3.2      3.2      8.9
                       2.2         8      2.9      2.9     11.8
                       2.4         6      2.1      2.1     13.9
                       2.6        10      3.6      3.6     17.5
                       2.8        18      6.4      6.4     23.9
                       3.0        16      5.7      5.7     29.6
                       3.2        20      7.1      7.1     36.8

SER1ST    Seriousness of first conviction  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       3.4         9      3.2      3.2     40.0
                       3.6         7      2.5      2.5     42.5
                       3.8         3      1.1      1.1     43.6
                       4.0         4      1.4      1.4     45.0
                       4.2         2       .7       .7     45.7
                       4.4         2       .7       .7     46.4
                       4.6         6      2.1      2.1     48.6
                       4.8         1       .4       .4     48.9
                       5.0         2       .7       .7     49.6
Not app, no ct. app.  97.0        68     24.3     24.3     73.9
Not app, not rel'd    98.0        64     22.9     22.9     96.8
No info. available    99.0         9      3.2      3.2    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SERALL    Seriousness of all convictions 
(Variable 41) 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       1.4         3      1.1      1.1      1.1
                       1.6         1       .4       .4      1.4
                       1.8         3      1.1      1.1      2.5
                       2.0         4      1.4      1.4      3.9
                       2.2         3      1.1      1.1      5.0
                       2.4         1       .4       .4      5.4
                       2.6         5      1.8      1.8      7.1
                       2.8         9      3.2      3.2     10.4
                       3.0         7      2.5      2.5     12.9
                       3.2         6      2.1      2.1     15.0
                       3.4         6      2.1      2.1     17.1
                       3.6         4      1.4      1.4     18.6
                       3.8         3      1.1      1.1     19.6
                       4.0         6      2.1      2.1     21.8
                       4.2         4      1.4      1.4     23.2
                       4.4         2       .7       .7     23.9
                       4.6         4      1.4      1.4     25.4
                       4.8         3      1.1      1.1     26.4
                       5.0         3      1.1      1.1     27.5
                       5.2         3      1.1      1.1     28.6
                       5.4         2       .7       .7     29.3
                       5.8         3      1.1      1.1     30.4
                       6.2         6      2.1      2.1     32.5
                       6.4         5      1.8      1.8     34.3

SERALL    Seriousness of all convictions  (cont.)
 
                                                 Valid     Cum
Value Label          Value  Frequency  Percent  Percent  Percent

                       6.6         4      1.4      1.4     35.7
                       6.8         1       .4       .4     36.1
                       7.0         1       .4       .4     36.4
                       7.2         3      1.1      1.1     37.5
                       7.4         2       .7       .7     38.2
                       7.8         2       .7       .7     38.9
                       8.6         1       .4       .4     39.3
                       9.0         2       .7       .7     40.0
                       9.2         1       .4       .4     40.4
                       9.4         1       .4       .4     40.7
                       9.6         1       .4       .4     41.1
                       9.8         1       .4       .4     41.4
                      10.2         2       .7       .7     42.1
                      10.4         1       .4       .4     42.5
                      10.6         1       .4       .4     42.9
                      10.8         1       .4       .4     43.2
                      11.0         1       .4       .4     43.6
                      11.2         2       .7       .7     44.3
                      12.2         1       .4       .4     44.6
                      12.4         1       .4       .4     45.0
                      12.6         1       .4       .4     45.4
                      13.2         1       .4       .4     45.7
                      13.6         3      1.1      1.1     46.8
                      17.0         1       .4       .4     47.1
                      17.2         1       .4       .4     47.5
Not app, no ct. app.  97.0        68     24.3     24.3     71.8
Not app, not rel'd    98.0        64     22.9     22.9     94.6
No info. available    99.0        15      5.4      5.4    100.0
                              -------  -------  -------
                     Total       280    100.0    100.0

Valid cases     280      Missing cases      0


